Add blog post for 2.30.0 (#71)
scm-manager/website: content/posts/2022-01-21-scm-manager-2-30-0/index.md

---
title: SCM-Manager 2.30.0

> date: 2022-01-21T17:00:00+0000

Author: ```suggestion
date: 2022-01-24T17:00:00+0000
```

author: Eduard Heimbuch
categories:
- scm-manager
- release
- security
keywords:
- vulnerability
- compare
- autocomplete
---

Hey SCM-Manager Community,

you may have read our last blog post warning you about a Path Traversal vulnerability in SCM-Manager.
If you haven't already, please update your instance to the latest SCM-Manager version as soon as possible to fix this issue.

## Alerting
We have already been working on an alert system that will warn you directly in your instance when an instance to warn you when a vulnerability is found that affects your installed SCM-Manager core and plugin versions.
To make sure you don't miss any important patches, each user is notified of existing security vulnerabilities.
These alerts in the header will only appear if there are known vulnerabilities that affect your installed versions.

![Alerts](assets/alerting.png)

## Compare
Another code related feature we have added is 'Compare'. 

> You can now compare diffs and changesets between two branches, tags or revisions. 

Reviewer: "Compare diffs" sounds strange. "Create diffs" would be better, but this does not fit to the following changesets 🤔

> You can now compare diffs and changesets between two branches, tags or revisions. 

Author: ```suggestion
You can now create diffs and list changesets between two branches, tags or revisions. 
```
